sphinx/codes.rst, before:


.. _codes:

Code and notebooks
==================

Matlab scripts to accompany the book 
------------------------------------

See `the book webpage <http://faculty.washington.edu/rjl/fdmbook/>`_

Jupyter notebooks
-----------------

The list of notebooks below contains links to versions you can view online
via `nbviewer <http://nbviewer.ipython.org/>`_.  (Check out this link and
also the `gallery
<https://github.com/ipython/ipython/wiki/A-gallery-of-interesting-IPython-Notebooks>`_
for lots of cool examples of notebooks and books/papers written in this format.)

If you want to modify something in a notebook and re-execute, you will need
to download the notebook (or find it in the :ref:`class_repos`, in the `codes`
directory).

You will need a recent version of Jupyter in order to run an `Jupyter
notebook <http://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.org/en/latest/>`_.
See also :ref:`software`.

Notebooks can be found in `$AM586/codes/` if you want to run the notebook.  

If you want to easily run notebooks without installing any software, you
might try :ref:`smc`.

- To appear.

Commit message:

Updated list of ways to view notebooks, including binder

sphinx/codes.rst, after:


.. _codes:

Code and notebooks
==================

Matlab scripts to accompany the book 
------------------------------------

See `the book webpage <http://faculty.washington.edu/rjl/fdmbook/>`_

Jupyter notebooks
-----------------

You can view notebooks posted on the web online
via `nbviewer <http://nbviewer.ipython.org/>`_.  (Check out this link and
also the `gallery
<https://github.com/ipython/ipython/wiki/A-gallery-of-interesting-IPython-Notebooks>`_
for lots of cool examples of notebooks and books/papers written in this format.)

To view the notebooks for this class, you can now view them directly on the GitHub
webpages at https://github.com/rjleveque/amath586s2016/tree/master/notebooks.
This shows the notebook as it was last committed to the repository, which might or
might not include the output cells. (Often I delete the output before committing,
particularly if there are lots of figures.)  At any rate you won't be able to change
anything or execute the notebook.

If you want to modify something in a notebook and re-execute, you will need
to download the notebook (or find it in the :ref:`class_repos`, in the `notebooks`
directory).

You will need a recent version of Jupyter in order to run a `Jupyter
notebook <http://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.org/en/latest/>`_.
See :ref:`software`.

If you want to easily run notebooks without installing any software, you
might try :ref:`smc`.

**New:** You can also run notebooks from this class repository in the cloud using 
`binder <http://mybinder.org>`_.  To do so, simply |binder_link|.
This will open a new tab and then might take a minute to start up a kernel, after
which you should see an index of notebooks.

.. |binder_link| raw:: html

   <a href="http://mybinder.org/repo/rjleveque/amath586s2016" target="_blank">launch binder</a>


Recall that you can select `Run All` from the `Cell` menu to execute the entire
notebook and see all the output.
